This github contains the files for the semester long Data Science project for Harnoor Singh (Hs1187) and Adrian Kim (Ak2396).
First thing to note is that we actually had to move all these files from a different repo to this one since we had gone over the data quota on the first github repo. We presume that the CSVs full of the data we collected over the semester must have caused this issue, as we transfered everything besides said CSVs successfully. These CSVs were as such submitted on Canvas. 
With this project, our goal was to build a hybrid model that used user sentiments and metadata on video games to predict the success of video games prior to their release. The training files are what we used to build the models, and the hyrbid model is the full model. As of right now, it can take in the metadata of a game (ideally one that isn't out yet, but it could be an already released game as well) and an excerpt of what a person thinks of the game and uses it to predict how successful the game will be. While this project for the sake of the course is complete, and we gave our best efforts and learned much about the process of creating such a project, and how to use different models, we would ideally like to revisit this in the future and improve on it by having the hybrid model be able to scrape for current sentiments on the game prior to it's release. We would have wanted it to have that to begin with, but it proved to be beyond our skillset at the time, and proved to be dfficult to implement since we would have to scour social media for rogue opinions, as opposed to a dedicated review site. Nevertheless, we are proud of how the project turned out and were grateful to be able to work on it.
